Pods/JVFloatLabeledTextField/README.md, before:

JVFloatLabeledTextField
=======================
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jverdi/JVFloatLabeledTextField.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jverdi/JVFloatLabeledTextField)
[![Pod Version](http://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/JVFloatLabeledTextField.svg)](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/JVFloatLabeledTextField/)
[![Pod Platform](http://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/JVFloatLabeledTextField.svg)](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/JVFloatLabeledTextField/)
[![Pod License](http://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/JVFloatLabeledTextField.svg)](http://jaredverdi.mit-license.org)

`JVFloatLabeledTextField` is the first implementation a UX pattern that has come to be known the **"Float Label Pattern"**. 

Due to space constraints on mobile devices, it is common to rely solely on placeholders as a means to label fields.
This presents a UX problem, in that, once the user begins to fill out a form, no labels are present.

This UI component library, which includes both a `UITextField` and `UITextView` subclass, aims to improve the user experience by having placeholders transition into floating labels that hover above the fields after they are populated with text.

Credits for the concept to Matt D. Smith ([@mds](http://www.twitter.com/mds)), and his [original design](http://dribbble.com/shots/1254439--GIF-Mobile-Form-Interaction?list=users):

![Matt D. Smith's Design](http://dribbble.s3.amazonaws.com/users/6410/screenshots/1254439/form-animation-_gif_.gif)


The component is officially supported for iOS 7 and greater.

Additional References
=======================
[How the Float Label Pattern Started](http://mattdsmith.com/float-label-pattern/) - Matt D. Smith  
[Float Label Pattern](http://bradfrostweb.com/blog/post/float-label-pattern/) - Brad Frost  
[Material Design - Floating Labels](http://www.google.com/design/spec/components/text-fields.html#text-fields-floating-labels) - Google  

Ports
=======================
[JQuery / Zepto.js](https://github.com/maman/JVFloat.js) - Achmad Mahardi  
[Xamarin.iOS](https://github.com/gshackles/JVFloatSharp) - Greg Shackles  
[Bootstrap plugin](https://github.com/fauxparse/bootstrap-floating-labels) - Matt Powell  
[JavaFX](https://github.com/andytill/floaty-field) - Andy Till  
[JQuery](https://github.com/m10l/FloatLabel.js) - Mike Mitchell  
[Android](https://github.com/wrapp/floatlabelededittext) - Henrik Sandström  


Added a port? Let me know - [@jverdi](http://www.twitter.com/jverdi)

Commit message:

Pegged floation label to 0.0.9 because 1.0.0 broke everything!!!1!!1

Pods/JVFloatLabeledTextField/README.md, after:

JVFloatLabeledTextField
=======================
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jverdi/JVFloatLabeledTextField.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jverdi/JVFloatLabeledTextField)
[![Pod Version](http://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/JVFloatLabeledTextField.svg)](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/JVFloatLabeledTextField/)
[![Pod Platform](http://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/JVFloatLabeledTextField.svg)](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/JVFloatLabeledTextField/)
[![Pod License](http://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/JVFloatLabeledTextField.svg)](http://jaredverdi.mit-license.org)

`UITextField` subclass with placeholders that change into floating labels when the field is populated with text.

Currently, JVFloatLabeledTextField used alone is iOS 6+, but JVFloatLabeledTextView requires iOS 7 due to the use of UITextView's `textContainer`. I would welcome pull requests to make JVFloatLabeledTextView iOS 6 compatible.

Credits for the concept to Matt D. Smith ([@mds](http://www.twitter.com/mds)), and his original design:

![Matt D. Smith's Design](http://dribbble.s3.amazonaws.com/users/6410/screenshots/1254439/form-animation-_gif_.gif)

http://dribbble.com/shots/1254439--GIF-Mobile-Form-Interaction?list=users


Ports
=======================
[JQuery / Zepto.js](https://github.com/maman/JVFloat.js) - Achmad Mahardi  
[Xamarin.iOS](https://github.com/gshackles/JVFloatSharp) - Greg Shackles  
[Bootstrap plugin](https://github.com/fauxparse/bootstrap-floating-labels) - Matt Powell  
[JavaFX](https://github.com/andytill/floaty-field) - Andy Till  
[JQuery](https://github.com/m10l/FloatLabel.js) - Mike Mitchell  
[Android](https://github.com/wrapp/floatlabelededittext) - Henrik Sandström  


Added a port? Let me know - [@jverdi](http://www.twitter.com/jverdi)
